health with this change in
of aesthetic medicine the surgery did
plus rating
she would have recorded a drop of 10
at 20% this year
the alternative more and more is the
effective laser but more discreet
ended apparently the operations that
freezes and distorts faces
Firming erasure or hair removal
the laser takes precedence over the scalpel
iselle colin olivier robert avoid the
heavy and expensive interventions
leave to take a subscription at the
aesthetic doctor everything is good for
win ten years ago but it's
your case actually quote me besides the
botox and acid injections
hyaluronic the laser seems to rally
all votes
Protected eyes burn risk
then begins the treatment let's aim at
solicit the natural production of
collagen in the end a skin slightly
to plump up they are a stimulation of the
collagen a little deeper
that they are real and that manifests itself
after several sessions and several
weeks of treatment very last
field of application of the oval laser the
face long treated by facelift a
surgical procedure under local anesthesia
to destroy the cells
greasy while optimizing the facts
retraction of the skin
cost of 1500 euros intervention will
to coagulate the ships as they go
measure in this area that is
visible definition exposed a curious
all so the suites are very simple
without bruising and much faster
to be prosperous united his
conventional I had a double chin
the oval of the face was not very clear
and I thought the
it was a softer alternative to
surgery but the most indication
current remains so-called hair removal
definitive acclaimed by the more than 30
years the hair shaft and burned
and inside the goal is exploded
we deduce the goal
the easy hair when we start
laser hair removal sessions
it takes five to six sessions a year
total cost of the investment near
700 euros for the half legs
virtually painless treatment
it stings a little according to the places by
example applies more down below
the leg when I do not know why
but overall it does not hurt
treatments that Americans
call lunch treatment because we
can do them at lunch time and
go back to the office neither seen nor known
are growing on average from 20 to
30% per year for both sexes
despite crisis